I so I was recovering from leg my
yesterday so I couldn't upload a video
but it gave me time to dive into a
little debate that's been going on
online if you watch the news you know
guns are always being shot and Disney I
guess decided to join in on the party
and they fired their own gun there's
definitely a lot of strong opinions when
it comes to this one but from my
cartoonish perspective I noticed a
really really really weird paradox when
it comes to this scenario and Disney let
me explain
if you don't know James Gunn he was
actually married to Pam Beesly from the
office in real life he's also his writer
director who used to work for Troma
which if you know those Asylum Red Box
movies those really terrible movies this
company made worse once they were just
like these trihard schlock exploitation
b movies you know they had a series that
was called PG porn with egit actress
sasha grey afterwards this guy was doing
horror movies where aliens went inside
of a JJ's somewhere in between he wrote
Scooby Doo too so when he got picked for
guardians of the galaxy the only reason
more people didn't question why Disney
chose this random dude that's because
most people didn't know who guardians of
the galaxy were so clearly this dude
used to work with a lot of trihard
schlock value stuff so what his decade
old tweet resurfaced I mean he was fired
Johnson these tweets are trashed like
it's not just because of the stuff that
it's talking about it ain't even funny
like Anthony Jeselnik says really bad
stuff at at least he has some comedic
value in there
depending on how depraved you are though
it's always the craziest part to me is
when people get so passionate about
trending subjects but you can tell they
ain't even researched them at all well
you can tell when people are just going
off of quoted headlines and it makes you
wonder like I get that all humans really
want everyone's opinion to matter but if
certain humans don't even take the time
to read out I definitely think Disney
should have done something to James
right I mean if Drake Aubrey Graham has
enough cleaners to wipe out all the
stuff that his baby mama used to do
online and trust me I have national
treasure for it then I know for a fact
that the Mickey Mouse Club had to have
run a background check and oh oh they
did already know oh and he actually
publicly apologized for doing all of
these things so whether people
personally like James Gunn or not it's
still kind of weird to see a corporation
fire you for something they already knew
and talked to you about they're all
sort of things that I've been working on
in other movies and and now it feels
like I was doing that to sort of lead me
to this place to be able to do it for
guardians now most people out there do
think that these are just bad jokes
right they're bad tweets but there are
you know some people out there who
actually who actually think he has the
time to rape little kids while he's
running a Marvel franchise either way
the paradox lies with Disney because
they knew when they hired him his entire
past and they knew that when they hired
him he was writing these scripts to be
super personal like this guy is from
Missouri just like he wrote star-lord he
said he saw himself the most in rocket
the foul-mouthed bitter raccoon who
makes nasty jokes to hide the fact that
he has insecurities because that's how
he grew up that every time Peter quill
gives that speech to reassure his team
when he's really just reassuring himself
that that is Gunn's way of motivating
his film crew the man literally was
given the Marvel bag and still made sure
to cast his original crew he cast his
parents his friends some of you I don't
even know that this guy right here is
his little brother who he specifically
makes a leader by the end of the second
one to kind of in a sense show how far
both of them have come together so for
Disney to profit off a story about a
group of scumbags who fixed their ways
and realized that their past was wrong
and then just fire the dude who wrote
his life for them
y'all trip it's my commitment that the
characters and guardians don't stay the
same they change yeah rocket is a
different character than he wasn't the
first absolutely
star-lord is a much different character
nebula is a way different so you get to
know these characters they get to
develop and as we go on into the third
one they'll get to change even more I
think that that makes it much more
enjoyable for you audience